Add grant statement in Log Insights docs too (#322)
pganalyze/pganalyze-docs: log-insights/setup/crunchy-bridge/01_create_helper_function_and_test.mdx

> If you are using the application user, an additional function needs to be created to grant access to the logs (**run the following with superuser credentials**):
> 
> ```sql
> GRANT pg_monitor TO application;
> ```

Reviewer: This will end up in a separate code block, right? That might look a little weird. Maybe we should be more explicit:

````suggestion
If you are using the application user, first, **connect with superuser credentials** and ensure this user has the `pg_monitor` role:
```sql
GRANT pg_monitor TO application;
```
Then, create a function to grant this user access to the logs:
````

Author: Ah yeah, I got lazy, looking better 👍
